[Wheezing]
[♪♪♪]
[Whimpers & exhales]
[Takes deep breath]
[♪♪♪]
Oh. fuck.
[Sniffles] [Grunts]
[Sighs]
EMMA (ON PHONE): Hello?
Emma?
- EMMA (ON PHONE): Yeah.
- Oh. my God. you picked up.
EMMA (ON PHONE):
What do you want?
Just surprised I didn't. uh...
EMMA (ON PHONE): Yeah. me too.
Well. uh
just wanted to. uh. talk to you.
you know. and see how
you're doing and. uh...
EMMA (ON PHONE): Why?
Well. I just...
Look. I know. uh...
I know I screwed up. honey.
and. uh... I just want
to say I'm sorry. okay?
To you and your mom.
I am so. so sorry.
Are you fucking
serious right now?
What?
The hell is wrong with you?
Nothing's wrong with me.
I'm just... I'm.
uh... Just wanted...
What makes you think
that I want to hear that?
Why is... Why is now the
time for me to hear that?
Come on. honey.
I tried calling plenty
of times before.
and you didn't pick up and I...
So it's my fault?
No. it's no one's fault.
It's no one's fault.
I just. uh... I'm here.
You're here now?
Are you fucking kidding me?
No. I'm not kidding. Okay?
I am trying to say I'm sorry.
I am trying to apologize.
I'm trying to fix this mistake.
And I think the least you
could do is just listen
to what I have to say.
How can I apologize
if you will not listen
to what I have to say?
Emma?
Emma please tell me
you're still there.
I'm not.
Emma! Don't hang up!
Fuck you.
Please don't.
[♪♪♪]
[Sobs]
I tried.
I did. I tried.
She won't listen to me.
She won't listen to
what I have to say.
I tried.
I really tried.
[Sobs]
Stop. please.
Don't...
[Chokes]
Stop.
Oh. no. no. no. no.
Wait. wait... Please!
No! Ah!
[Grunts]
[Chokes]
[♪♪♪]
- Jocelyn.
- Pastor Lewis.
Thank you again.
It was a lovely service.
Of course.
If you need anything. please
don't hesitate to ask.
Thank you.
[♪♪♪]
MADDIE: Hey. JC.
Hey. guys.
Thanks for coming.
Of course.
If you need anything.
let us know.
JOCELYN: Thank you.
Is that her?
- Yeah. it is.
- ALEXIS: Huh.
I'm surprised she came.
Yeah. me too.
MOM (ON PHONE): Hey. sweetie.
Hey. Mom.
- How are you?
- I'm okay.
Just wanted to let you
know that it's done.
The service is over.
Oh. okay.
How was it?
Um... Fine.
I mean... [Scoffs]
Do you really care
how nice it was?
I mean. I guess it
doesn't really matter.
[Both chuckle]
I just care about
how you're doing.
I'm fine. Really.
Yeah?
And how's Maryland?
Well. I leave in two days. so
I'm looking forward to that.
Good answer. [Both chuckle]
Will I get to see you?
Uh. no.
I'm headed straight to
Dallas for the tour start.
Oh... just going
right back to work.
Yeah. it's supposed
to be a good gig.
Pays really well.
Okay.
I just want to make sure you're
not burning yourself out.
I know.
Have you talked to Jocelyn?
Um. yeah. we talked.
Yeah? How'd that go?
I don't know. it was short.
She wants to see me tomorrow.
Oh. For what?
I don't know. Like...
to talk more. I guess?
Well. that might be good.
Well. I don't
think I'm gonna go.
Okay.
I mean. if that's what
you're comfortable with.
I just don't see the point.
I get that.
Trust me. I do.
But keep in mind. she
lost him. too. Em.
It might be good to just
hear what she has to say.
At least this one time.
Look. you just do what's
best for you. okay?
Uh. yeah.
Call me when your
flight lands. okay?
Yeah I will.
All right. Love you. Em.
Love you.
[♪♪♪]
JIMMY: Hey. buddy!
What're you doing?
The service is over. pal.
You can't be here.
Jesus. man.
Get the fuck outta here
or we're calling the cops.
Unbelievable.
[♪♪♪]
Seriously? Hey!
What'd I tell you before?
Get the hell out of here!
Paul?
Call the cops on this guy.
Unbelievable.
Couldn't find a better
photo of this guy?
[Chuckles]
Paul.
Call the fucking police.
[Phone dial tone] [Jimmy grunts]
[Thuds] [Gasps]
[Spits]
Jimmy. what happened?
OPERA TOR (ON PHONE): 911.
What's your emergency?
My friend fell and hit his head.
Is your friend conscious?
No. I don't... I don't
even think he's breathing.
Okay. sir. what
is your location?
Yeah. it's uh...
Sir?
I need to know your location
so I can send an ambulance.
Hey. you fucking drop him!
Is someone there with you?
Yeah.
He's uh...
[Chokes & coughs]
[Spits]
[Chokes]
[♪♪♪]
[Thuds]
OPERA TOR (ON PHONE):
Sir? Are you still there?
Is anyone still there?
I need to know
your location. sir.
I need to get you assistance.
If you can still hear me.
please stay on the line.
[Siren wailing in distance]
[Children laughing
and chattering]
- Sorry!
[Indistinct chatter]
[Laughter]
[Indistinct lyrics] [♪♪♪]
- Hey.
You want anything to drink?
I'm okay for now.
[Clicks tongue]
[Sighs]
Happy you decided
to actually come.
And it's nice to finally.
officially meet you.
Yeah. that's... That's true.
Where are you staying?
That little motel
on Patrick Street.
That's far. isn't it?
It's cheap.
Well. hey. Cheers to that.
Yeah.
No? Bad cheers.
Hair in the sink is going
to be a no cheers for me.
Long hair or short hair?
They're pubes.
Yeah. Okay. I take
it back. Bad cheers.
EMMA: So I'm crouching down
behind him wrapping this cable.
and he's like. sure.
I'll pose for a photo.
And then he turns around
and drops his pants
all the way to the ground
and just flashes
his ass at them.
- What?
- Meanwhile. you know
my face is just at dick height.
- Oh. no!
- So. just a face full of baloney.
[Laughs] Oh. that is awful.
That is rock stars.
I would give anything
to be a roadie.
A back line technician.
And that. too.
[Chuckles]
It has its ups and downs.
You get to travel and see
some pretty amazing things.
It gets a little lonely.
[Takes a deep breath]
But it doesn't bother me.
I could never do it.
- No?
- JOCELYN: No.
It's not in the cards
for someone like me.
What does that mean?
My whole life has
been planned out
for a long time.
Graduate college with a
major in communications.
Move to Baltimore. work
at the marketing firm
that my mom used to work at.
Meet a fine. upstanding
man named Dave.
[Chuckles]
- Get married with a prenup.
- Sure.
Have more than one kid.
[Chuckles] Become less
attractive to Dave.
Financially support all of
his mid-life crisis hobbies.
Resent him.
Catch him cheating.
spend the next six months
methodically
plotting his murder.
Send the kids to college.
[Chuckles]
Like I said. it's
all been planned out.
Fucking Dave.
[Exhales]
Well. hey. there was. um
something that I
wanted to show you.
[Envelope rustling]
I wasn't sure I. um... I
thought you might want it.
Do you remember
taking it with him?
- You look so happy...
- Where'd you get this?
It was. um...
It was with him that night.
I mean. it must mean
something. right?
When was the last time
that you talked to him?
Do you remember?
What does it matter?
I'm... I'm sorry if that
made things awkward.
What did you expect to happen?
I don't know. I...
I thought that
maybe we could talk.
I don't understand why?
Because he was our father...
He was not my father.
What did you think that
this was going to make us
friends? Family?
I thought that
might be up to us.
Right.
Why did you come?
Why were you there yesterday?
I mean. how much of him
do you even remember?
I remember
waking up to my mom crying
at the kitchen table
because the night
before he left.
he just packed up and moved out.
- I'm sorry...
- And a couple years later
we got word that
he was married again.
And not long after that. he
had a beautiful daughter.
I guess Daddy finally
got his little girl.
[Grunts]
Fuck. [Sniffles]
You want to know why
I was there yesterday?
I have hated this
man my entire life.
I hated him for what he did to
my mom. for what he did to me.
He was not a father
to me. No. he...
He took that. and he
gave it to somebody else.
So fuck him. Right?
I am just so sick of feeling
this pit of shit inside me.
And I thought
maybe if I come here. I'll
finally get something.
And maybe I can just
sever this... this hate
and finally just stop hurting.
And I'm
standing there yesterday
staring at this casket.
I can't help thinking.
"If I never truly cared
for this man. ever"
"then why am I standing
here so fucking sad?"
Why do I have to feel the hate
and the anger and the grief?
Can I... Can I be spared that?
How is that fucking fair?!
I don't know.
I don't...
Yeah. I don't think I want that.
Okay.
Hey. Frank.
Hey. JC.
Thanks.
I know it's probably a
stupid question. but...
How you holding up?
I'm hanging in there.
Pastor Lewis gave
a lovely service.
Yeah. I'm sure. The John
Wheeler I knew was a good man.
LARRY: John Wheeler?
What a wretched way to go.
Come on. Larry.
How long do you think
until they name
it Wheeler Bridge?
Like he was some war hero?
- All right.
- I got to go.
I worked with John Wheeler
for 15 years at the factory.
Now. I never really knew him.
but that man was no hero.
That man had secrets.
- Demons.
- Stop.
Makes you wonder if it
was even a real suicide.
Jesus Christ. Larry.
This is his daughter.
She doesn't need to be
hearing that shit right now.
- JC. honey. I'm sorry.
- Thanks for the drinks. Frank.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Oh. Jesus Christ.
[♪♪♪]
[Gasps]
[Siren wailing in distance]
[♪♪♪]
[Doorbell chimes]
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Entry door sensor.
Hey. how's it going?
Who's that?
Some asshole in a cheap suit.
I guess he's taking
a liking to you.
And. uh. can't say I blame him.
Well. I'm here if
you need anything.
[Candies rustling]
Bryce. you're only
supposed to take one.
Who cares?
Well. I'm not
getting in trouble.
[♪♪♪]
Trick or treat.
BRYCE: That's not real magic.
You hid that up your sleeve.
That was fake.
Bryce. Stop.
You're going to
give me some now?
[Candies rustling]
Hey.
Hey!
[Candies rustling]
Stop!
I said stop it!
[Candies rustling]
Gimme those back!
[Screams]
Let me go! Please!
Let me go!
Get off of me! Help me!
Help me!
[♪♪♪]
Let me go!
Get off of me! Help me!
Help me!
[Thuds]
[♪♪♪]
- Trick or treat!
You guys look great!
- Thank you Miss Jocelyn.
Happy Halloween. guys.
[Laughs]
[Indistinct chatter on TV]
The ghosts are moving tonight.
Restless. Hungry.
May I introduce myself?
I'm Watson Pritchard.
And in just a
minute. I'll show you
the only really haunted
house in the world.
Since it was built
a century ago.
seven people. including my
brother. have been murdered.
I'm Frederick Loren.
and I've rented the house
on Haunted Hill tonight
so that my wife
can give a party.
A haunted house party.
She's so amusing.
There'll be food
and drink and ghosts
and perhaps even a few murders.
You're all invited.
If any of you will spend the
next 12 hours in this house.
I'll give you each $10. 000
or your next of kin in
case you don't survive.
Ah. but here come
our other guests.
It was my wife's
idea [Knock on door]
to have our guests come
in the funeral cars.
- She's so amusing...
- LIAM: JC. it's us.
FREDERICK (ON TV): Her sense
of humor is shall we say...
Okay. coming.
I dreamed up the
hearse. It's empty now.
But after a night in the house
on Haunted Hill. who knows?
It's Lance Schroeder
a test pilot.
No doubt a brave man.
Boo!
[Indistinct chatter on TV]
Hey. guys.
You okay?
- Hmm?
- ALEXIS: Dude...
Girl. did you get
started without us?
- It was a little bit.
- I thought I smelled something!
It was just a little.
- Come on.
- Okay.
[Giggles]
ALEXIS: Can someone make sure
that she didn't smoke everything.
Yo seriously? I gave you
this. like. forever ago.
I don't even know if
they're still good.
I know. I know.
I was saving them for. um...
A special occasion.
Yeah. I think this counts.
[Thuds]
[Keys rattling]
Nice. You. uh... you
pre-game before the festival?
What?
The festival.
The big Halloween blowout
they do every year.
- You... You going?
- No.
Okay.
It's. uh. $21.99.
You got a rewards
number with us...
Nope.
I can save you
10% if you just...
If you don't let me buy
this. I'm going to steal it.
[Card whooshes] [Beeps]
LIAM: Everybody's tired.
Everybody's tired.
And we all look over
at JC. and we're like.
damn. this girl's like 6
seconds away from passing out.
[Laughter]
We all expect her to go to
bed but she's just lying there
with her eyes half
open and she says...
I'm going to go take a shower.
I don't like going
to bed feeling dirty.
[Laughter]
So we're all down here
and we hear the shower
running for like 45 minutes.
Oh. no.
What are you doing in
there for 45 minutes?
LIAM: Knock on the door.
We're like. "Yo. JC. you good?"
Nothing.
[Laughter]
We crack open the door.
I go in. like "Hey.
I'm coming in!"
And there she is. fully clothed.
lying on the floor
of the shower.
I was tired. I was tired.
Like who goes in the
shower fully clothed?
And then is just like
curls up the floor...
ALEXIS: Only JC. Only JC.
That's something
only JC would do.
- Literally.
- [Laughter]
[Gulps]
[Car whooshes]
Oh. look. it's the
Halloween asshole.
[♪♪♪]
It's very. very cute.
What. you want to
compare outfits?
[♪♪♪]
Um. so JC. you going to
the festival tonight?
Oh. um...
I don't know. I don't...
I don't think so.
It's supposed to have a pretty
sweet fucking maze this year.
Only if you're comfortable. Jay.
ALEXIS: You always
go to this festival.
It's like your thing.
I mean. like. since your
dad took you every year?
Like... you put us on to it!
Yeah. I... I know.
I didn't.
I'm sorry.
It's just he took
you all the time.
- I just thought...
- No. no. it's fine.
I understand. It's just. um...
I don't know. sometimes I
feel like he's still here.
Fuck it.
[♪♪♪]
Maybe he is.
Even though my Nana
passed. I feel her. too.
It's a comfort to know
she's still here with me.
Yeah. comfort isn't the
word that I would use.
Okay. is that it?
We're done.
JOCELYN: I don't know.
Maybe I'm just dreaming.
I never really
believed in ghosts.
[Bell dings]
I was in a lock-in once.
What?
I was with this
group of friends...
Whoa. you have other friends?
Yeah. It was in this
abandoned theater.
Everyone thought it was haunted.
And we spent the whole night
chasing around these. like.
weird sounds.
And the lights would
just go. like. on and off
and on...
And what?
And nothing.
It was just some homeless guy.
What the fuck was
the point of that?
Just that I don't
believe in ghosts either.
ALEXIS: And?
And that. you know.
people will see
what they want to see.
and. you know. trick
themselves into believing it.
Okay. then what do you believe?
Well. I don't believe in ghosts.
You know. like when
you die. that's it.
That's the end.
There's... nothing.
Oh. shit.
- JC. I'm sorry.
- Actually. I just...
JC?
I just have to go to
the bathroom real quick.
Great story. Liam.
Yeah. Definitely tell it again.
[♪♪♪]
VOICE: Jocelyn...
[Taking deep breaths]
It's not real.
It's not real. It's not
real. It's not real.
[Taking deep breaths]
Hey. you good?
Yeah. I. um. I want to go.
- Go where?
- To the festival.
I want to go.
Uh. are you sure?
Yeah. I want to
go with you guys.
I just don't want
to be here anymore.
- Okay. Well...
- Fuck yes!
Who's driving?
[♪♪♪]
Back the fuck off!
[Shatters]
[Pants]
Hey. I recognize you.
You were at the
cemetery. You were...
You were dancing.
What the fuck do you want?
Oh. fuck you.
What are you going to do?
You gonna cut me with
the piece of glass?
Right here in the
fucking street?
Okay! Do it then.
Let's go.
[Emma pants]
Don't just fucking stand there.
Do something.
Cut... Cut me open!
Do it!
[Gasps]
[Thuds]
[Whimpers]
[♪♪♪]
[Screams]
[Cheering]
[♪♪♪]
There it is! Up there.
Come on!
[Man screams]
LIAM: Yo. JC! You good?
Yeah.
[♪♪♪]
Check it out.
Who's coming?
If you're not feeling
it we don't have to.
I'm good.
Really.
[Fanatic laughter]
[♪♪♪]
Shit.
Maddie!
[♪♪♪]
[Fanatic laughter]
- [Screams]
- Hey! Hey! JC.
It's me. JC. JC!
It's me. JC! Stop!
Hey! You okay?
Dammit! JC. we should've known
this would be too much for you...
He's gone! Maddie. he's
gone. he's really gone!
- And I'm all alone.
- Hey. you're not all alone...
First my mom.
I was a kid.
[Sobs]
She did... She did
everything for us.
She was my mom.
I know.
And now. I mean... I just...
They were my family...
And they're gone.
You know. I thought maybe I'd
have a bit of family left.
I don't know what I expected.
Maybe that she
wanted to get to know
me a little bit.
but I guess not.
Maddie?
Why can't I hold
on to my family?
You've still got us. Jay.
You've always got us.
[Sobs]
- [Doorbell chimes]
- Sorry. We're closed.
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Entry door sensor.
Oh. it's you again.
Look. I...
Oh. come on. Excuse me.
I don't know... I just saw him.
He cut himself. and he was.
he was dead.
What do you want?
I watched him.
Oh. too much Halloween for you.
Let me ask you a question.
you kill that whole
bottle by yourself?
[Sobs]
Hello?
Look. I love the
look. Carrie. but
if you don't get out of
here. I gotta call the cops.
Okay.
[Groans]
[♪♪♪]
[Doorbell chimes]
[Indistinct voices]
COP 1: Do you know if she did?
CLERK: I don't know.
I can't be sure.
How we doing tonight. ma'am?
I. uh... I need some help.
COP 2: All right.
Said you need help?
Why don't you tell
us what's going on?
Um. I saw a man.
he was on the street. and he
killed himself in front of me.
COP 1: Okay. Okay.
Are you hurt?
No. He... He... he's...
He stood up.
He killed himself
and then he stood up.
So the man that killed himself.
he came back to life again.
I know how it sounds.
No. no. it's okay. Um. can you
tell us what he looked like?
Did you know him?
He had a mask and a
suit and a top hat.
I see.
I think what we have here
is maybe a Halloween prank.
No. no.
Ma'am. it was probably
just some guy dressed up
as this character to scare you.
No. I know what I saw.
A guy come back to life.
When's the last time
you took something?
'Cause we talked to the clerk.
and he said you bought a bottle?
Maybe when you went outside.
you opened up that bottle.
you take a couple of swigs?
Uh. yeah but...
And have you had
anything else tonight?
- What?
- Controlled substances?
Weed. pills?
- No. I'm not high.
- Big night for partying.
I said I'm not fucking high!
Okay. okay.
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Entry door sensor.
Ma'am. are you sure
you're not injured?
Ma'am?
There's blood on you.
Are you bleeding?
Hey. ma'am. there's
blood on you.
Is it yours?
Then where did it come from?
Him.
[All gasp]
Is this the guy you saw earlier?
Hey. buddy.
You mind if we ask
you some questions?
[Whimpers]
Did you see this woman earlier?
All right.
Why don't you cut it with
the cute little clown routine
and take off the mask. huh?
[♪♪♪]
[Screams]
Hey. check that.
Nothing.
You want to take off
the mask so we can talk?
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
- Hey. hey. hey. hey.
[Sighs]
[♪♪♪]
[Whimpers]
COP 1: All right. buddy.
We said earlier. enough
with the clown shit.
Come on.
All right. buddy. outside.
- Come on. Halloween's over.
- COP 2: Hey!
What the fuck?
- What the fuck!?
- [Screams]
COP 2: Oh. shit!
What the fuck!? What the fuck?!
Get off of me! Get off me!
[Pants]
COP 2: Get off me! Get off me!
CLERK: What the fuck is that!?
[Doorbell chimes]
[Squeak]
[Thuds]
COP 2: Oh. shit.
What the fuck!?
[Cop 1 mumbles]
[♪♪♪]
[Gunshot fires]
[Thuds]
[♪♪♪]
Oh. my God.
[Pants]
[Train whistles in distance]
[Doorbell chimes]
[♪♪♪]
I'm sorry. miss.
I'm all out.
- Do you have cherry?
- VENDOR: Yeah.
- Strawberry?
- Come on.
We need to take JC home. Alexis.
- Grape.
- Please?
VENDOR: Out.
- Lex. you're not listening.
- What's in there?
- Oh. that's blue raspberry.
- Alexis. please!
Okay. so can I get
some blue raspberry?
We need to take her home now.
We're out of blue
raspberry also.
- What!?
- I'm really worried. Alexis!
You're out of the
only thing you have?
Why does she have to
do this right now?
Why don't you just let
her get something to eat?
I'm just thinking maybe we
should start heading home.
Yeah. maybe we could head out.
ALEXIS: Why in God's green
fucking Earth are you still open?
Alexis.
Keep an eye on her.
[♪♪♪]
Hey JC...
[Chokes & coughs]
[♪♪♪]
[Coughs]
Dad?
Yeah. I'm not using it.
[♪♪♪]
Not bad.
Hey. excuse me.
Evil Witch. have you seen
my daughter. Jocelyn?
Don't worry. Daddy.
It's me. I'm right here.
Oh. my God.
[♪♪♪]
What?
What the fuck?
My teeth!
My fucking teeth!
There you are.
Where have you been...
- Little lady?
- Getting candy.
[♪♪♪]
No!
[Screams]
I wanna know why the
lights are still on.
[♪♪♪]
[Screams]
YOUNG JOCELYN: Daddy?
Daddy?!
- No.
- Daddy?!
Don't go! Daddy!
Daddy. come back. come back!
[Liam groans]
What the fuck?
JC! JC. what are you doing?
JC. Liam got his
fucking eyes taken out.
I don't know what the
fuck is happening.
Please. just turn around.
Turn around!
What are you doing?
JC. please.
Please.
His teeth are gone!
What the fuck?
What the fuck!? [Screams]
ALEXIS: Oh. my God!
[Screams]
JC. don't.
JC. run!
Just get out of...
[Shushes]
[Chokes]
[♪♪♪]
Please. let them go.
I'll do anything
you want. Please.
Please just let them go.
I'll do whatever you want.
Just let them go.
[Poster flickers]
[Pants & coughs]
[Takes deep breath]
[Phone vibrates]
Mom?
MOM (ON PHONE): Hi.
sweetie. Are you okay?
No.
MOM (ON PHONE):
Oh. What's wrong?
[Pants]
Wait. Why are you calling?
MOM (ON PHONE): Oh. sweetie.
you know Mommy's
always here for you.
Is my little girl
afraid of the Jester?
What?
He's really not so bad.
He just wants to
show you the truth.
How do you know?
You know. you wouldn't
be in this situation
if you weren't so
difficult all the time.
Mom. what are you talking about?
Oh. Emma.
Don't pretend like
you don't know.
It's hard for people
to get along with you.
I mean. can you blame them?
You're not a very
likable person.
What?
[Gasps]
It's like I always say:
"A little more smiling
goes a long. long way."
[Whimpers]
But no matter how
many times I say it.
I just can't seem
to get through that
thick skull of yours.
But I suppose you got
that from your father.
What the fuck do
you want with me?
Now. that's no way to
talk to your mother.
Fuck you.
Excuse you. Miss Potty Mouth!
I'll bet you Jocelyn never
speaks to her mother like that.
Well. that's if she
could still speak to her.
[Mom laughing]
Poor little Jocelyn.
She did try to connect
with you. you know.
She made an effort.
Such a shame.
Where did you get that?
She was such a good girl.
What do you mean "was"?
What did you do to her?
Now. why would you care
about a thing like that?
About Daddy's little girl?
No. that's not like you. Emma.
Where is she?
You never cared about her.
Why start now?
Just tell me what
you did to her.
Emma. you can always make
the same choice he did.
Just leave.
You're free to go.
Jocelyn is a member of
a family you never knew.
Soon to be forgotten.
Leave now. sweetie.
And over time. the events of
tonight will feel like a dream
half remembered.
Or
We can keep playing.
[Groans]
I'm not leaving without her.
You know.
I always thought you could learn
a thing or two from Jocelyn.
At least Daddy got one
thing right. didn't he?
[Mom laughing fanatically]
[♪♪♪]
John...
No. No. John. please!
John. please. please.
- Talk to me. please.
- I tried talking.
[Pants] I know.
I called you that night.
and I wanted to talk then.
but you pushed me away.
rejected me. left me alone.
I know you know what you did.
You abandoned a broken man.
I reached out to you for
a connection. a lifeline.
to mend something broken.
[Sobs]
Dad.
I know you know what you did.
And I know that you're
now using that anger
that you feel towards me
to cover up for something
deeper. deep inside your gut.
It is festering.
feeding. gnawing at you.
I know you can feel it.
You try to bury it. but
that rot is spreading.
A decaying hole.
swallowing your heart.
No.
Oh. no. no. no.
Please.
[Sobs]
You know you're the
reason I'm dead.
[Chokes]
[♪♪♪]
[Exhales]
[Grunts]
JC?
Are you lost. too?
I... I don't know.
Who are you?
Jocelyn.
Have you seen my dad?
He's gone. And he left me here.
You're...
You're not real.
He left me here all alone.
All by myself.
You're not real.
I am real.
I'm the real daughter.
You're not.
You're make believe.
You're not real.
YOUNG JOCELYN: Daddy
says you were never real.
He said you were a mistake.
And that I was what
you can never be.
That's why you have
to help me find him.
- Otherwise...
- Fuck off!
[♪♪♪]
JOHN: Yes...
Good job. honey. good job.
Oh. I know.
It's gross.
We're supposed to put
a candle in there.
Got to light the candle...
I suppose this is something
you never wanted to see.
An intimate glimpse at a
life you never had yourself.
There's something you
have to understand. Emma.
I didn't hate you.
I didn't. I just
didn't want you.
And I tried.
I really did.
But I was too young.
And I made a mistake.
One you never forgave me for.
What. was I supposed
to pay for that mistake
for the rest of my life?
You know. you hated
me for leaving.
when. in fact. my
one true mistake
was ever having you
in the first place.
Stop.
You see. I became the
father I was meant to be.
Just not with you.
And you couldn't let that go.
JC...
I had everything I could want.
A loving wife. A perfect
daughter. Real family.
One that I felt I could
never fully give myself to
because I had you
hanging over my head.
You were always out
there. somewhere.
preventing me from being happy.
Somehow you managed to rob me
of the privilege of fatherhood.
It was too much.
The weight of it.
[♪♪♪]
[Sobs]
[Shushes]
Why are you crying?
Didn't my death
give you the closure
you so desperately needed. huh?
Or is it the fact
that you're the one
responsible for it?
You feel it now. too. don't you?
The weight.
[Sobs]
JC. please.
Aw. what's the matter?
Are Daddy's words
too much for you?
This is exactly the reason
why I reached out to you.
I pitied you.
I did it more for
me than anyone else.
And then seeing
you at the funeral?
Jesus. you looked so pathetic
standing there all alone.
I have to admit.
part of me felt good
seeing that you were so low.
So what now. sis?
You lost your opportunity
to mend your relationship
with him.
And now you will never
get that chance again.
Is this what you have
to look forward to?
Forever?
You have nothing.
You form no
meaningful connection
with anyone and to everyone
in your life you are a burden.
Don't allow yourself to
burden me the same way
that you burdened him.
If you have one act of
kindness left in you.
please end the suffering.
For everyone.
[Whimpers]
[♪♪♪]
Wake up.
Emma. wake up.
[Takes a deep breath]
You're not real.
[Groans]
Oh God! JC!
Oh God! [Sobs]
JC. JC! Can you hear me?
[Groans]
Please. oh. God!
Can you hear me?
[Groans]
I knew...
I knew you were asleep.
[Groans]
Hey. keep talking.
Keep talking. JC.
Please. please. please.
No. no. no. no.
Don't leave me!
It's all my fault.
I'm so sorry...
[Sobs]
[Screams and grunts]
Stay! Away! From her!
[Sobs]
I don't know where
you came from.
and I don't care.
I know exactly what you are.
[Pants]
You're a sickness.
Do what you want to me.
I'm not running anymore.
But you stay the
fuck away from her.
Hey. I'm not going
anywhere. okay?
I'm so sorry. you didn't
deserve any of this.
It's gonna be okay.
I'm not going anywhere.
okay? I'm here.
JC?
Help! Somebody help us!
Help us! Somebody help!
Help!
MOM (ON PHONE): The
show's in Baltimore?
Yep.
MOM (ON PHONE): That's a
bit of a drive. isn't it?
It's not that bad.
Plus. I wanted to see JC.
Yeah. I know. So...
Got your eye on the
next gig after this one?
Uh. no. not really.
Nothing?
Actually. I was planning
on coming to see you.
Oh! I suppose that'll be fine.
[Laughs]
You know I'd like
that very much. Emmy.
Yeah. me too.
Okay.
Give JC my love. will you?
I will.
I love you. Mom.
- Love you.
- Bye.
There's some things
I need to say to you.
Some things maybe
I should have said.
I should have talked
to you that night.
I should have talked to you.
But. what happened.
It's not my fault.
And I... I can't keep
putting that on myself.
You made your own choices. John.
I think deep down. I... I...
I always knew there
was this door.
And I think I had
this dream that
that one day we might
actually have a relationship.
That's all it ever was.
It was a dream.
And it just really. really hurt
that you closed
that door forever.
Regardless of how I
feel about it. I. uh...
I'm your blood.
And the sickness that was in you
it's in me.
Some days are worse than others.
But I always feel it.
Every day.
It's here.
EMMA (VO): But I'm not
going to make your mistakes.
I can't.
I'm still here.
You made your own choices.
and I'm going to make mine.
You did right by her. though.
There'd be no her without you.
And. she has so
much good in her.
She's stronger than I
ever gave her credit for.
And I have a lot
to learn from her.
And if she got any
of that from you.
and you left her with me.
then I guess you gave
us everything we needed.
Goodbye. John.
[♪♪♪]